Sept 1st, 2023
Main Office
Finch 

Dear recruiter, 

I am drawn to this great opportunity to work as a Software Engineer at Finch because of Finch’s influence on investment field, 
dynamic corporate culture, reputation of diverse development opportunities for employees, which I believe are the determined 
factors for any successful businesses. I particularly interested in this position as I am very certain with my programming 
work experience dealing with computer science related issues, great knowledge in computer programming tools including Python, 
Java programming and C, outstanding problem solving skills and strong learning ability will make an ideal candidate for this 
role.

I have graduated as computer science specialist from University of Toronto, concentrated in game design and artificial intelligence. 
Besides building solid knowledge fundamental such as algorithms, data structure or system optimization from school, I had been 
actively involved in multiple computer science projects which have allowed me to develop strong programming skills such as python 
or Java that will help me succeed in this position. For example, I had participated in a python programming project. 
My primary responsibilities are designing simplified codes as well as utilizing key programming functions such as strings, lists, 
loop to improve the game, debugging and modifying the improper programming codes to ensure the designed game works functionally. 
As a result, I aced this project and received excellent feedback from professor. This great project experience strengthened 
my strong python programming skills and problem solving skills in a dynamic and deadline-driven working environment.

Beside strong knowledge in and various programming tools and excellent computer science project experience, I had received 
the internship in computer science related area to further boost my technical expertise in troubleshooting and debugging. 
Being as a Software Engineer at VRVisdom Technology. My major duties include determining the optimal project logic 
implementations and incorporated the best design patterns to clarify and simplify the game, and proactively investigating, 
discovering and debugging multiple logical/application/driver blockers which strongly reinforced software and user experience.
As a result, I had not only learnt practical experience in troubleshooting, but also strengthened issue identification skills
and felt very confident with handling various programming problems. I have no doubt that my past work experience will 
doubtlessly help me to get ready for this role in time. With all best effort, long-term commitment in better myself, 
I have every reason believe I will be exactly the kind of person that you are looking for as a Software Engineer.

I would like to work as a Software Engineer at Finch , but I am also willing to consider any other relevant positions that
I am eligible for. Thank you for your time and consideration. I would welcome the interview opportunity to speak with you
soon to further discuss my qualification. 

Best regards, 

Burt Liu
